T/34: Prevent partial mention downcast. (#76)
ckeditor/ckeditor5-mention: docs/features/mentions.md

The converters must be defined with a `'high'` priority to be executed before the {@link features/link link} feature's converter and before the default converter of the mention feature. A mention is stored in the model as a {@link framework/guides/architecture/editing-engine#text-attributes text attribute} that stores an object (see {@link module:mention/mention~MentionFeedItem}).

> **Note:** The mention feature prevents copying partial mention. If user select part of mention it will be copied as plain text. This is done with internal converter defined with a `'highest'` priority. It is advised to not add custom converters for mention with `'highest'` priority in order to not break that feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The feature prevents copying fragments of existing mentions. If only a part of a mention is selected, it will be copied as plain text. The internal converter with the {@link module:engine/conversion/conversion~ConverterDefinition#converterPriority `'highest'` priority} controls this behaviour; thus, we do not recommend adding mention converters with the `'highest'` priority to avoid collisions and quirky results. 
```
